NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        43m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                65m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   20m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
