NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             48m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         86m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 121m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   38m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               22m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
