NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             50m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         67m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 94m          19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
