NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                88m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
