NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                133m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    44m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   68m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
