NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        98m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                146m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   45m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
