NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 49m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         136m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
