NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                162m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   51m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
