NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         41m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   19m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   20m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
