NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                9m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   29m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
