NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              41m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         63m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              82m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          127Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
