NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              56m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                99m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              108m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                198m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
