NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           52Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          166Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            46m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        87m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                107m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   39m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               25m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            80m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            79m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        132m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
