NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           91Mi            
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             4m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             1m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           21Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           44Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                143m         118Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             102m         46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          7m           21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         131m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                132m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   45m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   50m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         6m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                104m         114Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             82m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          21Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         139m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          5m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          22Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   74m          46Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                64m          107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         142m         42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           20Mi            
