NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           140Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            3m           73Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           49Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           1m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           25Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           36Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           63Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           19Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               113m         155Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            67m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        103m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           80Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                112m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           37Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   38m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   42m          65Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               88m          157Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            58m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           21Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        134m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               47m          158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            66m          87Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           38Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           20Mi            
