NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                13m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             110m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                177m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                177m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                177m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                177m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
