NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        31m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                46m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          102Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   57m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
