NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           122Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              28m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   19m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   65m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
