NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         87m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 118m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             95m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         141m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             82m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
