NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         84m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                127m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             116m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          4m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
