NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         52m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             96m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
