NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              13m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         22m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                31m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   10m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
