NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        36m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                51m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             18m          70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             69m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           70Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
