NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                173m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             53m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
