NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             35m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         63m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                96m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          126Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           12Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
