NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             40m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        59m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                90m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             84m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
