NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         54m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                56m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             105m         41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    74m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
