NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           90Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          91Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                28m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          92Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
