NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             4m           70Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           72Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                1m           9Mi             
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    1m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               31m          135Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             32m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         44m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                32m          12Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   10m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    7m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               35m          137Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             20m          80Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         32m          31Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            1m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-586bccbb77-6m6qt               28m          139Mi           
cartservice-7ff569cfd4-wp7km             22m          82Mi            
checkoutservice-55f67b48c9-ddczz         1m           20Mi            
currencyservice-597cfb6bbf-dwft9         29m          33Mi            
emailservice-7d4b6d7476-bw9n5            2m           71Mi            
frontend-6bcdbfbf74-dbqrq                40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-749d785b6b-726f2          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-7875647f4c-w5c5r   12m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-5ff6b46f4-8w49c    8m           55Mi            
redis-cart-695bb56995-fjjdb              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7895d689fd-7rddf         1m           19Mi            
