NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             16m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         23m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          92Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          93Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          32Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
