NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           79Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             3m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               32m          87Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             32m          31Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         46m          24Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 34m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               38m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             20m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          26Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 40m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          7Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               24m          91Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             21m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
