NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               8m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        50m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                76m          36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   26m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   30m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            70m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        12m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        141m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   78m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   75m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
