NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             5m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         6m           44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                8m           34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   3m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   4m           48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   76m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             80m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          12m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         129m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   66m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   77m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         10m          21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                27m          111Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             70m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          11m          22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         124m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
