NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           24Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               5m           162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            17m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        2m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        26m          63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                40m          37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   14m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   16m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        2m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   74m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            68m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        11m          23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        127m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   66m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   76m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        10m          21Mi            
