NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                146m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    51m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
