NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             44m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         78m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 108m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
