NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             47m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         59m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 81m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             112m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   55m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             87m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
