NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             3m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         2m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                3m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          125Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
