NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             38m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         60m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                91m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   26m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
