NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             6m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                10m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             101m         43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             80m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               15m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                176m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
