NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                105m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    37m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   32m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             93m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
