NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   4m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             89m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
