NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         20m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                30m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          119Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
