NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         87m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                130m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
