NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             31m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        65m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                100m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
