NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              14m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   13m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
