NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           20Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                134m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              27m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
