NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             47m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                163m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    54m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           29Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           24Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
