NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                6m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                69m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   24m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
