NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             28m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         35m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 50m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 198m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   75m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           7Mi             
