NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                48m          19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   16m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           36Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
