NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                162m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               33m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
