NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         23m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                34m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               9m           111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          111Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
