NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             27m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         31m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                46m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    15m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          113Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             30m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               26m          110Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           7Mi             
