NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             57m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 165m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             78m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 197m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
