NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         70m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                106m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    35m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             51m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              11m          27Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
