NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         21m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
