NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           95Mi            
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              4m           24Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           15Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           10Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           7Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           38Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                113m         109Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         100m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                111m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   37m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                80m          120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           2Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                49m          112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
