NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 114m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             93m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
