NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               8m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         56m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   22m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 171m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   51m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             74m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
