NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             32m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        52m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                78m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   28m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          103Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             78m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
