NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                30m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             113m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
