NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             23m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                52m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                177m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             58m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
