NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               7m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             53m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         62m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 88m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   31m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   20m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
