NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        100m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             63m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                197m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
